
Rules - main


Games are played on <a
				href="http://zagram.org/index.ru.html">zagram
. Tournament grid
				is displayed here.

Game settings are: 5 sec/turn, unrated, 4cross. Games are
				started automatically by the server.

In case of equal dot count at the end of game the SECOND
				player is assigned to be the winner.


Rules - additional


Game settings are: 180 seconds main time, 5 sec/turn
				additional, unrated, 30*30 field, 4cross, STOP allowed. You don't
				have to remember these settings because games are started
				automatically by the server.

The maximum length of a game is 1:20. If the game has not
				been finished to that moment the second player is assigned to be the
				winner. This may not happen without adding time to the opponent.

Tournament is organized by the pointsgame.net team.
				Visualization, grid forming and game assignment are done by the
				server.

By registering or taking part in the tournament you agree to
				the tournament rules. Tournament is offered to the participants "as
				is".

In case of questions you should write to the zagram chat or
				the inner tournament chat.

If you can translate the text on the site to some other
				language (polish, for example), please, contact me at 
					n1m5-tournaaaament@yaaaandex.com (remove the dublicated "aaa")
/



Registration

		Registration will start at "****" and last
		3 hours.
 To register you should enter "!register" into zagram
		public chat.
/



Games

			Games in progress:

			Already played games (winner is waiting for the next round):

			Knocked-out players:
/



Chat

			Temporary tournament chat (Moscow time):
/






Tournament grid is displayed here. --> Siatka turnieju jest wyświetlana tutaj.    (although I am not sure what is that 'grid')

Game settings are: 5 sec/turn, unrated, 4cross. Games are started automatically by the server. --> Ustawienia gry: 5 sekund/ruch, towarzyska, pozycja początkowa 4X. Gry są uruchamiane automatycznie przez serwer.

In case of equal dot count at the end of game the SECOND player is assigned to be the winner.  --> W przypadku równej liczby kropek na końcu gry DRUGI gracz jest uznawany za  zwycięzcę.

Game settings are: 180 seconds main time, 5 sec/turn additional, unrated, 30*30 field, 4cross, STOP allowed. You don't 				have to remember these settings because games are started 				automatically by the server.  --> Ustawienia gry: czas początkowy 180s, czas dodawany 5 sekund/ruch, gra towarzyska, plansza 30x30, pozycja początkowa 4X, STOP dozwolony. Nie trzeba pamiętać tych ustawień, ponieważ gry są uruchamiane automatycznie przez serwer.

The maximum length of a game is 1:20. If the game has not 				been finished to that moment the second player is assigned to be the 				winner. This may not happen without adding time to the opponent.  -> Maksymalna długość gry to 1h 20min. Jeśli gra nie ma została zakończona do tej chwili drugi gracz jest uznawany za zwycięzcę. Jest to możliwe tylko gdy dodaje się czas przeciwnikowi.
